Improve the cookbook description and readme (#27)
mondoohq/chef-mondoo: README.md

[![Cookbook Version](https://img.shields.io/cookbook/v/mondoo.svg)](https://supermarket.chef.io/cookbooks/mondoo)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

> This cookbook installs the Mondoo `cnquery` and `cnspec` on Linux servers for infrastructure security, compliance, and asset intelligence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cookbook installs Mondoo `cnquery` and `cnspec` on Linux servers for infrastructure security, compliance, and asset intelligence.
```

The `default` cookbook recipe:

* Installs the signed `mondoo` package

> * Login `cnquery` and `cnspec` with Mondoo Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Logs in `cnquery` and `cnspec` with Mondoo Platform
```

## Run Mondoo Cookbook with chef-run

See the `examples` directory for examples of using this cookbook with `chef-run`.

## Testing

Ensure docker and vagrant are installed and run:

```bash
MONDOO_TOKEN=ey...Bp KITCHEN_LOCAL_YAML=kitchen.dokken.yml kitchen test
```

(or add MONDOO_API_PROXY to the list of variables to test the setting/using of that variable)

You can "enter" the resulting environment used for the test by changing the 'test' kitchen command to 'login'.

> You can reduce the number of environments tested (to speed local testing up) by commenting out unnecessary entries from kitchen.dokken.yml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reduce the number of environments tested (to speed up local testing) by commenting out unnecessary entries from kitchen.dokken.yml.
```

## Release

> This repo includes a GitHub action "Supermarket Release", which can be manually triggered to perform a release. Before running this workflow make sure to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo includes a GitHub action "Supermarket Release", which you can manually trigger to perform a release. Before running this workflow, make sure to:
```
